Add batch app store apps documentation (#21912)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

- [Get package install result](#get-package-install-result)
- [Download package](#download-package)
- [Delete package or App Store app](#delete-package-or-app-store-app)

> - [Batch apply software](#batch-apply-software)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Batch-apply software](#batch-apply-software)
```

`Status: 204`

### Batch-apply software

_Available in Fleet Premium._

`POST /api/v1/fleet/software/batch`

#### Parameters

| Name      | Type   | In    | Description                                                                                                                                                           |
| --------- | ------ | ----- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | team_id   | number | query | The ID of the team to add the software package to. Only one team identifier (`team_id` or `team_name`) can be included in the request, omit this parameter if using `team_name`. Ommitting these parameters will add software to 'No Team'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| team_id   | number | query | The ID of the team to add the software package to. Only one team identifier (`team_id` or `team_name`) can be included in the request; omit this parameter if using `team_name`. Omitting these parameters will add software to "No Team". |
```

> | team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Only one team identifier (`team_id` or `team_name`) can be included in the request, omit this parameter if using `team_id`. Ommitting these parameters will add software to 'No Team'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| team_name | string | query | The name of the team to add the software package to. Only one team identifier (`team_id` or `team_name`) can be included in the request; omit this parameter if using `team_id`. Omitting these parameters will add software to "No Team". |
```
